Sync upstream v1.20 (#109)
gardener/autoscaler: cluster-autoscaler/FAQ.md

#### Step 2:

Merge master onto the `machine-controller-manager-provider` branch:
```
git merge master
```

> Resolve the rebase-conflicts by appropriately accepting the incoming changes or the current changes.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be merge conflict?

Reviewer: Also, in Step 1, line 1057 where we grep on 'Updating vendor against' is not needed anymore.

Author: > Also, in Step 1, line 1057 where we grep on 'Updating vendor against' is not needed anymore.

This will be needed for the part `syncing with kubernetes/autoscaler < v1.21.0` because in that case old `update_vendor` script is used.
Since this bifurcation of `syncing with based on upstream autoscaler version` will always be there in FAQ(irrespective of g/autoscaler version) , so thats why I kept it.

Once script is successfully executed, execute following commands to confirm the correctness.
```
# You must see a new commit created by the script containing the commit-hash.

git status 
```
<u><b> For syncing with kubernetes/autoscaler >= v1.21.0 </u> </b>

> With kuberenets/autoscaler v1.21.0 the `update_vendor.sh` has been updated. We just need to provide the version of k8s dependencies which we want to vendor in , as an argument to the script. For ex, if we want to vendor in `k8s v1.21.0`

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
With kubernetes/autoscaler v1.21.0 the `update_vendor.sh` has been updated. We just need to provide the version of k8s dependencies which we want to vendor in as a command line argument to the script. For ex, if we want to vendor in `k8s v1.21.0` then
```

```

>  ./update-vendor.sh v1.21.0 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ./update-vendor.sh 1.21.0 
```

If I remember correctly then `v` need not be supplied. Could you please check?

Update - Yes, `v` is not needed. It is prefixed in the script. Reference [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/FAQ.md#how-can-i-update-ca-dependencies-particularly-k8siokubernetes)

Author: Thanks will update it.
